= Blip.tv Ruby Library

A Ruby gem for accessing the Blip.tv REST API (http://wiki.blip.tv/index.php/REST_Upload_API)

== Install 

  sudo gem install bliptv --source http://gems.github.com

== Usage

While the Blip.tv is extremely simple to use, sometimes it's nice to have a wrapper
library to make life even easier. The BlipTV Ruby library is just that.

Let's say you want to upload a video:
  
  require 'bliptv'
  
  client = BlipTV::Base.new
  
  options = {
    :username => "barack_obama",
    :password => "michellexoxo",
    :file => File.open('movie.mov'),
    :title => "Ordering Hamburgers in DC",
    :description => "I love this one burger joint, but the press keeps following me."
  }
  
  video = client.upload_video(options) #=> BlipTV::Video
    
The upload_video method call returns a BlipTV::Video object
that you can play around with.

Or what if you wanted a list of all videos by a user? Also easy:

  require 'bliptv'

  client = BlipTV::Base.new
  
  video_list = client.find_all_videos_by_user("barack_obama") 
  
find_all_videos_by_user will return a list of BlipTV::Video objects.

More usage coming soon.
  
== Authors

Kelly Sutton (http://michaelkellysutton.com)

== Features

Provides an easy way to interact with the Blip.tv API in Ruby.

== Caveats

Given a bug currently in the implementation of Ruby's URI class, Blip.tv
usernames with are not currently supported. There are definite workarounds 
planned in the future. The reason why this bug exists is because the 
current URI implements RFC 2396 URI specification while RFC 3986,
which deprecates 2396, is the norm as of January 2005 
(http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3986.txt).
  
== Special Thanks

This gem is extensively based on Shane Vitrana's Viddler
gem as well as the YouTubeG gem. Much of the code was simply
copied and then tweaked to fit the Blip.tv nomenclature
of certain calls. 

== License 

Copyright (c) 2009 Michael Kelly Sutton

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.